Throughout our development process, we have encountered several challenges that hindered our productivity and workflow. First of all, we had trouble arranging live meetings given our schedule conflicts, which in turn delayed our sprint planning and shortened our development days. We also had some version control issues early on because some members were not used to working in branches.

During our first sprint, we noticed that some members were not following the user story criteria because they were not familiar enough with it, leading to missing functions and features. We also realized that some members were pushing untested code, mostly because they started too late. It was difficult to spot these code issues because we had very different coding styles and scheduling conflicts prevented us from having proper code review sessions with pull requests. 

To address these challenges, we have learned and adopted several techniques and practices to improve our process. First of all, our weekly meetings moved from live to asynchronous-based, where we would all contribute to a shared document at different times throughout the day. This allowed us to finish our sprint planning and start coding earlier than before. We were also responsible for filling in our assigned user stories details and checking with the rest of the team to make sure we had a clear understanding of our assigned stories. 

To improve the overall code quality, we implemented continuous integration on Github to automate build and run tests with Jest after each pull request. We also relied on Swagger to document and test our APIs to make sure we all had a clear understanding of the endpoints. We also started sharing snippets of our code on Discord to get faster feedback instead of waiting until pull requests. Lastly, we found that using polls on discord to distribute tasks was an easy and convenient way to make sure no stories are left unpicked. 

Moving forward, we would like to experiment with test-driven development to help produce code that actually meets the requirements. We would also like to have proper code reviews to learn from each other’s strengths and weaknesses in terms of coding style and knowledge. Ideally, we should also test each other’s code to make sure the features function properly before merging to develop. In conclusion, our team communicated well and learned a great deal of working together as a team in a full-stack web development environment, and we look forward to improving our skills with this experience in the future.
